Oh yeah, I had to do that, too.
Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, wherever you are.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
It's Friday here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, coming to you live from the back of my garage.
There you can hear the back door.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I am very happy it's Friday, although I do have some vague idea in my head that I might be going on during the weekend, although, you know, I don't
I don't know about anything about that right now.
All I know is that I'm trying to stay focused on the biology.
I'm trying not to take the bait on social media and I'm trying to love my neighbor as best I know how to do.
In this case, I'm trying to stream the truth as often as possible.
I feel like a modern day ham radio operator just trying to call CQ every day and see how many people I can reach with my transmission.
And hopefully the more that people share this connection, the more that we will reach out to more people and expand more minds.
Keep in mind that this message is not for everyone.
It's a message for anyone who wants to know the truth, anyone who wants to be free of this nonsense, anyone who wants to
leave social media with a clean conscience, not to feel like somehow or another you're leaving behind humanity and going off to live in a cave somewhere because you're that kind of guy.
No, you're really making a decision not to engage in the one thing that can make this all fall apart.
Another and I guess a better way to say it would be not to engage in the one thing that can make this all work That makes their plan all very cohesive and almost foolproof is that everybody is using social media therefore the reality that social media enables these creators these these controllers to manipulate and create for us is
The less likely we are to really be engaged in any meaningful dialogue, the less likely we are to be engaged in any meaningful interaction with our representatives, even if our representatives do somehow or another, or are somehow or another,
sort of held accountable to us by the voting system, even if you believe that's true, the extent to which the illusion that they are coming through on their promises or unable to come through on their promises despite their best efforts is so easily manipulated if the only way that we have any access to what's actually going on is the window of social media.
It's simply not permissible.
We can't go on like this.
And if we do, we will be enslaved.
And so in many ways, I am advocating for, you know, going out and living in the wilderness, but in communities of people that, you know, that we need to build that back again and not even really build that back again, just look outside and reclaim it and realize that it's still there.
It's almost like pretending there are no playgrounds out there that people didn't use to go to bars before the pandemic or that
You know, all of these things, the restaurants that used to exist that don't exist anymore, those are all real phenomenon that changed very rapidly over the last five years.
And because of the, turn down the backyard for a minute, because of the acquiescence to social media on a nearly global basis,
people have had their time horizon of awareness so focused on a week or so, or three weeks, that time passing even seems to take
In essence, it's harder because there's so much to remember from each week, and you're trying to follow along with so many things each week.
Even if you're just passively scrolling, you're following along with so many things each week that the end result is, is that the last six years feels like a decade, feels like 15 years.
You can't even remember what you were doing in 2018, and that's terrifying.
I don't know.
Anyway, today, did I change that?
No, I did not.
Sorry.
So today we are going to do Mr. Autism Newsman.
And we then are going to do Fake Barry and Mr. Autism.
new oops newsman and then we are going to go back to February 2021 for a
a panel discussion.
Because I do think it's important always to go back and look at this stuff and keep repeating the mantra, you gotta go back to 2020, to 2021, to 2022 and watch what these people did, watch what they said, watch who they worked with, what they were saying and how their story changed to reflect the evolution of the narrative, which may very well
have been meant to stay at there's some kind of virus, and it's definitely new, although where it came from, who cares?
It might not have even been meant to go any farther than that.
And the February 21 video that was sent to me courtesy of Mark Kulak in Boston, Massachusetts, of Housatonic ITS, you guys know as a collaborator of mine, or at least a friend,
and a guy who I can send a link or ask about a person.
And I've come very much into the habit now of before I send anything to Mark, I first go to his website, hewsatonic.live, and I look under his research page, and I look up the name that I'm about to send him to make sure that he doesn't have a page on this person already, because, you know, five times out of 10, he does.
And so he's been doing a lot of work for a long time.
And anyway, I think,
I think this panel discussion sent to me by Mark, it's a home run for the idea that the calendar reflects something.
The purposeful interaction between these people, the shared stages of podcasts can reveal a tremendous amount
about the network of people that was assembled, how they were recruited, when they were recruited perhaps, but for sure these are things that cannot be discounted.
We cannot just take the podcast appearance schedule of Robert Malone as the haphazard scheduling of Jill as she's trying to juggle birthing foals and incubating emu eggs and scheduling a new roof for the third shed they're building.
I mean, that's just not possible.
I mean, these people are much more important players than to be random podcast guests that have just disrupted the status quo despite the national security state's best efforts.
Because that's kind of the narrative here, right?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Mary Holland exist despite
the DOD's best effort to kill us with a kill box, according to Catherine Watt and Sasha Latupova.
This whole narrative doesn't make any sense because none of these people can believe what they say and then also just decide to, I guess I'll just take a salary from a nonprofit organization and do some podcasts and hope for the best.
It's like being on a cruise ship that you know is going too fast, heading into port way too fast with nobody at the helm and you just decide, okay, well, I might as well just go down to the casino and keep betting and hope that everything goes well.
It's absurd to behave that way unless you know something else is going on.
You see, that's the thing.
There's no way that Mary Holland's track record from the last 10 years is that of a all-in crusader for the health of American children.
That's just disturbing.
the same thing can be said for all of these people, and that's what makes this such a dark time in American history.
Because so many people, thanks to the extremely skilled use of social media, have come to accept these people as heroes, and they've become so intellectually and socially isolated by their social media use,
that they're willing to keep secret, they're willing to keep quiet about it at work, they're willing to shut up around people that they believe don't see what they see, not even understanding the contradiction in that.
And they think it's just because everybody else is brainwashed, and it is true.
Everybody else is brainwashed, but right now, the ones that have worked the hardest
to convince themselves that they're not brainwashed.
The ones that are convinced that they have the upper hand right now are actually those on the populist right.
They are the ones that are still searching for the truth of Charlie Kirk while Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the guy from the Turkish military and the guy from Egypt and the guy who put a dead bear on a bike in Central Park
are freaking shaking the hands of Albert Bourla and asking Pfizer to move their mRNA manufacturing to American soil.
this is exactly the script that they were supposed to be on plus some lab leak bullshit baggage about a spike protein to keep everybody busy with prions and amyloid and stuff like that but that was just an addition because things went way off the rails there was never going to be anything like that and if you want any proof of that just go to the spars pandemic document and look it up they
there was going to be an Epi girl like Jessica Rose and maybe that's what Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was going to be too.
But in the end, they were just going to say that the vaccine schedule of the past was pretty good.
But the problem is there are some people with some genetic vulnerabilities to some of these components and we can't know which is all of them.
And so, you know, the cool thing is, is that the pandemic proved to everybody on earth that the mRNA worked great.
And the few people that believe it didn't,
Well, they all are starting to believe now, because Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan and soon Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
probably will say that the original Pfizer shots produced under EUA and rolled out under pressure, billions of doses, they were contaminated.
but we're not going to make the new generation of vaccines like that.
And so everything's going to be fine.
And then there you have it, you know, maybe, maybe Kevin McKernan's company will come out with a, you know, desktop RNA printer and you can just, you know, I want the measles vaccine and there comes out in the little tube and you can just inject it in the kid.
And so, you know, you'll just have a real-time production of mRNA on command.
And since mRNA is just, you know, it's in every cell in the body, so how could it be bad?
And voila, the FDA and the CDC, you know, they don't need to look at anything anymore.
So there's a lot of weird stuff to come.
Maybe Robert Malone's company will get, you know, to be able to electroporate everybody and there'll be a little pain in the vaccine schedule again.
I don't know.
But I do know for sure it's going to be a nice show.
I'm going to do it quick as I can.
Because we do have a Friday basketball schedule, of course.
The same thing, always going.
It's so exciting that it's getting to be basketball season.
We have about 45 days until the high school tryouts.
And yeah, I feel like it's a really, it's going to be a really fun year.
I don't know if, I guess I'm going to probably be the assistant coach of the eighth grade A team.
Um, because they already have a head coach from last year.
Who's got a son that plays and irrespective of, you know, what kids are the best and whatever, I think he's probably got seniority for, for coaching.
And so I'll probably be an assistant, which is also great because then I can just keep the book and not feel as much pressure to have a plan all the time or.
be everywhere early and this kind of thing.
So even though I'm kind of, you know, sad that I think that's the way it's going to be because Kira really did a great tryout.
The second tryout was just baller.
And so I know for sure he's going to be on the A team and that's going to be good for him.
He looked really
you know, comfortable with those kids.
He's kind of the last guy, you know, to start transitioning to full Saiyan status, if you will.
And so all of his classmates now are slightly taller than him.
But man, oh man, he's been working on his vertical jump with jump rope and stuff like that for quite some time now.
And it's really paid off.
He just jumps in a way that they don't jump.
And it's not something that he's always had.
He's really developed it.
So I'm very proud of him.
I'm very excited.
It's basketball season.
I can't tell you how happy I am to have all of you here.
Don't forget that Brian Hooker did not say autism in 2013.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
For decades, Tylenol was advertised as the pain reliever hospitals... I think I'm just gonna, sorry, pop myself in here for a second.
So this is a video we actually watched a couple days ago, but it's taken on a little more significance to me as I put it into context.
And you will see how this will come into context in a few minutes.
But I just want to be clear what I'm saying here and be clear what you hear.
We did hear last week, I kind of interrupted this video with a little bit of surprise when he said that he has autism and he has a book and he wrote a Wall Street Journal article saying he has autism and that's why this announcement matters.
And I wasn't sure whether he actually was claiming that he has autism.
So first, I just want to play this to reiterate the sort of context in which the next video that I'll play after the intro will fall under.
And it's extraordinary because this really underscores the network of podcasters
that forms this fake stage.
Well, it's a real virtual stage.
It's a stage that exists only on social media and only on these podcasts where these figures like Jay Bhattacharya could rise in awareness among a group of people
by design and be completely off the radar of everybody else that never put in the right keywords and was happy to to be following the latest from the Biden White House.
And so this military operation has been going on, not haphazardly, but very calculated and very meticulously over the last six years to make sure that all of us felt like, wow, the word is really getting out.
People are starting to doubt.
And that's the crazy part.
No one was ever starting to doubt that just the people that were around us, just the people that would come to a CHD conference, just the people that we were, a lot of the people that we thought were part of the seeing through it were not real.
They were anonymous accounts that were retweeting actors like Jessica Rose, retweeting actors like Robert Malone or Pierre Kory.
And so the illusion was specifically on social media.
And the illusion was so powerful that there were other places on social media where none of these conversations happened.
None of these people existed.
And that's why so many of our family and friends don't know any of the people that are on the bottom row of that very terrifying cast picture that I put up with Joe Rogan in the middle.
And so listen carefully and understand the statement that I'm making is very, very clear.
The autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
And this man on the news is reinforcing that myth for the national security state by claiming he is autistic by being allowed to sell a book called Born Lucky.
The director of the US Institutes of Health, my former friend, supposedly, is now on here, not clarifying what it means for him to be autistic versus someone to be neurologically damaged, for example, by a battery of vaccines being applied during an ear infection.
like Brian Hooker's child, which might be a very rare case.
Like, like, like, what is his name?
Ed Handley?
Is it Ed Handley?
Sorry.
So this is really funny.
I looked at last night, you know, my bookshelf is very, very thorough.
And on my bookshelf, I have all the numbers of the years on the top here so I can keep them in order.
And it also helps them,
It also helps with the memory palace kind of thing.
All the books in this room represent books.
Once you've read them, you keep them in certain places.
You can keep them better in your head, too, believe it or not.
And so that's one of the reasons why having a studio that's really your space
that has been built up over time is really, really special.
And so I'm sure now somebody will come and burn this down.
But anyway, so yesterday I was talking about J.B.
Handley's book, Autism Epidemic, and telling you about chapter four, because this is actually a really good book.
And he was in that frontline
PBS special about vaccines in February of 2015, right around the time when Brandy Vaughn was getting going, right around the time, right, that Vaxxed is being filmed and going to be released on April Fool's Day in 2016.
And so this book is really special because, again, that guy is not one of the people that was in front of us.
He was not one of the people that was in any of the Senate committees, although the other lady that was in this show, Barbara Lowe Fisher, was in front of us in a Senator Ron Johnson Senate committee, but of course surrounded by all of these people that I've been accusing of being national security actors for quite some time.
So this book is interesting because this book is not published by
Sky Horse Publishing, the one that has published all of these crazy other books of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and seemed to have this kind of theme, which goes all the way back to Jesse Ventura's
autobiography, which has this chapter 13, or it's an epilogue really, there's 12 chapters and then there's an epilogue, so you call it chapter 13, where he runs for president, takes an independent candidate by the name of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as his vice president,
They win, and then Jesse the Body Ventura gets shot in this hypothetical fictional epilogue, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
becomes President of the United States, and I guess saves the day.
And so that's an interesting Skyhorse book, but this book was published by a company called Chelsea Green.
Now the reason why Chelsea Green is very interesting, first on the back of this book you can see Robert F. Kennedy Jr., you can see Jenny McCarthy,
And you can see Paul Thomas.
And I think at least, I mean, I think all of them are probably, wittingly or unwittingly, part of this, you know, neutered or intellectually disarmed
narrative where they may be convinced because they've never met Brandy Vaughn or Tony Barker or somebody like me maybe that can explain to them why what they're arguing isn't making any sense and why there's a biologically foolproof way to argue.
But I think more than likely because of their positions and where they've been all this time and what they haven't been able to progress on for all this time, I think they're probably
They've got to be scripted actors.
So those three are in the back of that book.
But what's interesting is in the same year, 2018, when this book came out, right, this is the same year that CHD is formed from the World Mercury Project changing its name and becoming Children's Health Defense with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker.
Right.
So that's pretty sketch.
Now, at least from my perspective, that's the organization that represents the controlled narrative.
And so interestingly, Chelsea Green also put out this.
pretty ambiguous and rather, I don't know, what would you call this guy?
Dubious dude.
This is Thomas Collins' book, which I guess is something about vaccines and autoimmunity and questioning things.
But this is, of course, one of the primary no virus people from 2020 onward.
And in fact, highly coordinated with
Andrew Kaufman and who was on Steve Kirsch's podcast.
So they're all one malevolent show and all one group of dead-end narrative shepherds.
They're all cat herders.
And no matter who you get caught by or who you decide to follow, you are following somebody that was ultimately a part of this script that would get us here.
Where, you know, Tom Cowan won't tell you that autism is a myth and that people are being just toxically poisoned.
And if he does, he doesn't say it clear enough.
And he didn't say it clear enough at the beginning of the pandemic and still doesn't say it clear enough now.
Exactly the same as Suzanne Humphries did when she went on Joe Rogan and didn't really say it very clearly at all when it can be said very clearly.
That's the crazy part about it.
And we got walked right into this all the way up until Steve Kirsch and Pierre Kory got their clocks cleaned by Dan Wilson and Dave Farina on stage in New York.
Because that's where the script leads.
The script leads to autism not being blamed on vaccines.
and an ambiguous shrug of the shoulders and a moving forward with a transition to mRNA-based vaccines.
That's probably the most likely way.
Used most today, President Trump told the world, it could actually be the pain reliever taken by pregnant women that caused the massive spike in autism rates we've seen in the United States.
Don't take Tylenol.
There's no downside.
Don't take it.
You'll be uncomfortable.
It won't be as easy, maybe.
But don't take it.
If you're pregnant, don't take Tylenol.
And don't give it to the baby after the baby is born.
Today's press conference was admittedly bold and came with the caveat you should probably check with your doctor and have discussions with them.
But, and this is the important part, it was a follow-through on the president and RFK's promise to have a report on the causes of autism by the end of September.
And as you know, this is personal to me.
Last week, I wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal.
I'm autistic.
RFK Jr.
is right to hunt for the root causes.
A condition that affects millions of children is too important to become another political football.
With us now, Dr. Jay Bhattacharya, director of the National Institutes of Health, former professor at Stanford School of Medicine.
Pleasure, sir.
I mean, it's amazing, after all this time, that we're still talking about autism as affecting millions of kids but being all one thing.
It's, it's just so dumb.
And the National Institutes of Health director, my, I guess, former friend, Jayanta Bhattacharya, who did all, all of his degrees at Stanford, because that's, I guess, how they do it.
This is terrifying to me because this is just so easy for me to see through at this point.
I feel like I'm in an insane asylum because this is nuts.
There's no way all of these people can be serious the way that they talk about stuff.
A phenomenon that they can't even list how they define it.
No one knows how it's defined.
What are you going to go to the description in one of these government handbooks?
I mean, come on.
As they say in radio, a long-time listener, first-time caller, big fan of your work for a long time.
I'm not gonna talk to you about the medicine part of this because I think the press conference speaks for itself.
People can talk to their doctor.
You can do your own research.
But this issue of autism, we've gone from one in 1,000 or one in 2,000 cases when I was a young boy and diagnosed with what we now know to be the condition.
See what he said there?
When I was a boy,
And I was diagnosed with what we now know to be the condition.
Did you hear that?
So he was diagnosed probably with something else when he was younger.
And now in retrospect says that that's autism.
That's what that is.
And that's what a lot of these people do.
I didn't speak until I was four.
Wow.
You must've had autism.
And that's not what autism is.
And certainly this guy doesn't have autism.
This is not the equivalent of Brian's son minus a lot of hard work.
Listen to me.
This is not the equivalent to Brian Hooker's son minus a lot of hard work on Brian's part, or a lot of hard work on a therapist's part, or a lot of hard work on Brian's son's part.
It's not, because that's not how autism works.
If autism is a genetic disorder, then it shouldn't be something that you can just use hard work to get over.
Is that how it works with Down syndrome?
They just have to work harder?
Is that how it works?
Holy man, this is gross.
Now it's one in 36.
For boys, it's one in 12.
Minority boys, it's even higher.
It's crazy, the explosion in cases.
Why has it been so hard to get, and I'll put it in air quotes, science to take this question seriously?
I mean, I think there's like a couple of things going on here.
So first, whenever doctors and scientists don't understand something, especially when doctors don't understand something, we often just treat patients who have it like they don't know what they're talking about, that the condition's not real in some ways.
And I mean, I think there's some of that, like there's lots of groups of marginalized patients like that.
But also for autism,
you know, there's a history of this people talking about vaccines being connected to autism.
And, of course, vaccines are a tremendously important part of what doctors have in our portfolio of things we can do to actually keep people healthy.
If there is a link, no one wants to talk about it, because what if it reduces the demand for vaccines that would keep people healthy?
I think those two things have made it so that it's so hard to get an honest conversation, because, you know, I'm pretty sure that it's probably not going to be vaccines as the cause,
But by saying that, I'm acting as if I already know for a fact.
And in fact, I don't know why the rise in autism has happened.
I don't know.
I don't have an answer to that.
If you asked me to pin down one thing, I wouldn't be able to tell you.
It seems as though when we're watching coverage, and I don't like saying this, but I predicted this last week.
I predicted in my op-ed when this report came out there was going to be far more anger about what might be the causes and saying it's wrong than in the important work to find out what is.
This is just some of the doctors from today.
Take a listen.
I think it is pretty solid that there is no association with the set of menophine or Tylenol given in pregnancy and autism.
This was a dangerously irresponsible thing for President Trump to say when he said, tough it out, because that only puts children at higher risk, especially with fever in the first trimester.
I'm very worried that if we take away the one last option based on really junk science, when there is not evidence to do this, we're going to end up causing more harm than good.
We can't just do the willy-nilly.
We have to be serious about it.
And frankly, there is no link when you look at the best evidence.
What I am more worried about when I hear that is... What I'm more worried about is two of the three people they just played there were Indians, as far as I can tell, and now we have an Indian absolute fraud at the head of the NIH, and I hate saying that.
I really do.
But there's no other way that I can explain my relationship with Jayanta Bhattacharya.
I shouldn't know him.
I shouldn't have multiple selfies with him over multiple years.
I should not have had a conversation with him before the election, which directed me to shut up about Robert Malone.
I shouldn't have had a conversation with him before the election where he told me he would likely be the NIH director if Trump won.
That shouldn't be the reality that I'm living in, where now he's the NIH director, aka NIH podcast representative.
Like, this doesn't make any sense to me, just like it doesn't make any sense to me that I'm listed as an expert in that stupid Wuhan cover-up book that's supposedly written by Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who I was supposedly on many Zoom calls with, and now he's the head of HHS just shaking hands with the guy at Pfizer.
The only explanation I have is that that's by design.
by the national security state, which is the, you know, the part of our government structure that supersedes all other parts.
And that's how I explain this.
Then it all makes sense.
Then Piper Stover makes sense, and her connections to an ambassador makes sense.
Then the involvement of the State Department makes sense.
Then all of these weird things that otherwise, you know, why the hell are all these people coming to my house?
Now they make sense.
It's because this whole thing is a national security theater.
And they were using Donald Trump very specifically to make the pandemic go extremely smoothly for them to have plausible deniability about every aspect of it so that they could misconstrue the effects of an imaginary spike protein or an imaginary fear and cleavage site or an imaginary HIV insert.
with the known and expected effects of transfecting humans.
And that includes the known and expected downsides of injecting people with lipid nanoparticles, whatever those were, especially coated with PEG.
This is a very important time for us to wake up right now.
And more importantly, wake our kids up to share this with our children, explain to them how it is that we were taken, how we were fooled and how both sides are still being fooled right now.
Just right now, the pendulum is about to swing backward.
You know, a lot of the people who, who voted for Donald Trump are either going to have to come to the, to the, to have a taste for crow.
or we're going to have a little bit of a mental crisis for a lot of these people in America.
What my mother used to say to me sometimes, seldom right but never in doubt, in that
It reminds me of what we heard about COVID.
If you get the vaccine, you cannot get COVID.
We are positive.
And if you say anything else... But why does it remind you of that?
You have autism.
So aren't you a little worried that after all this, he has autism, but he's not familiar with this debate?
He's not familiar with all these people.
He's not familiar with the movie Vax.
You see, the thing is, he claims to have had autism his whole life, to have been diagnosed when he was young, to have known and have written a book about it.
So the whole concept that he's also not the best at explaining why,
autism isn't caused by the vaccine is kind of extraordinary, right?
He's just a news guy who happens to have autism, but he's going to let Jayanta Bhattacharya, who deferred to me the times that I've ever talked to him as the biologist, explain it to him.
Wow.
Must be wearing a tin hat.
You remember, these people did that to you.
Why is this now the same thing about any discussion of causes of autism?
Just remember though that PEG being in something that you drink or eat is not the same thing as injecting PEG.
And so you can imagine a scenario in my mind where the exposure to PEG all of your life could have sensitized you to a little to it a little bit.
Maybe even your kind of get upset stomach from it.
But once it's inside, that could be a different story.
I'm just I'm just throwing that out there.
I mean, I know that PEG is in all kinds of
of stuff, but it is something that has at least been reported to provoke allergic reaction over time.
I mean, I think like you just heard it here on those clips, right?
They've read the literature, I guess, and they've decided they made up their minds.
I've read the literature also.
The dean of the Harvard... They've read the literature.
I've read the literature.
So that's a pretty bold statement because there is a shit ton of literature.
And that's the problem here.
These people talking in such ridiculous terms.
Because that's not what this is about.
You don't read a few papers and then, you know, that's it.
Now you understand it.
What he should be saying is I've attempted to try to understand what autism is.
I've tried to understand what these parents want and are concerned about what their individual experience has told them.
I've also tried to understand what these vaccinologists have to say and what these virologists have to say.
And I've come to the conclusion that X, Y, and Z, but that's not what he says.
He said that he's read the literature and come to a different conclusion than these other people that he assumes have read the literature as well.
So is this just a mental retention game?
Like you read all the papers and then you just kind of do a little meta analysis in your head and you say, I'm drawing the conclusion that I think autism is not caused by the vaccines.
And then other people have just done the mental math and said, well, you know, after all that reading, I've decided that I think there is a connection between the vaccines and autism.
This is so, it's so dumb.
and the reason why it's so dumb is because Jayanta Bhattacharya is an improvising but scripted fraud and so anytime he goes off script even a little bit he sounds like a moron and that was him right there feeling very confident in himself and he should because no one's ever going to let him see this video that's for sure you could take clips of this that Jeff from Earth might make
and put them all over Twitter and all over Facebook and all over Instagram and tag him on every one of those social media websites and I'll bet you thousands of dollars that he wouldn't see one of them.
Because just like social media is used to isolate us from our family and friends and isolate us into a small microcosm of stupid podcast actors and stupid podcast actors asking stupid podcast scripted questions,
but they do the same thing to those actors so that those actors, a lot of them actually are unwittingly participating because they believe their success reflects their correctness, their ability to do their job, their ability to get sponsors and views is all that they're thinking about.
And so that's why some of these people have Howard Stern as their childhood idol.
because it's about attention more than anything else.
And there's some real irony in that because I have a video queued up of ZDoggMD who says that this is really actually a very big opportunity in 2021 for people who really wanted a lot of attention to go out and get it when they could have never before.
And it's just hilarious.
And so that's what this is.
This is a scripted,
Governance by Podcast, National Security Operation, where the head of the NIH is a stooge that cannot have a real conversation about anything biological.
If you get into the details of anything technical from a methodological perspective, or even from an experimental design perspective, this guy would be out of his league and he would admit it because he's just an epidemiologist who used to work on flu.
I'm really upset because they brought me into contact with this guy and he pretended to befriend me and pretended that he really liked me and has learned more biology from me than anybody else during the pandemic.
He actually said that to me face to face.
I could smell the curry on his suit when he said it to me.
School of Medicine agrees with me, that there is an association.
Now, do I know for certain that it's a cause?
I don't know, but I agree with President Trump.
If you can avoid taking Tylenol in pregnancy, then it's wise to try to avoid it, right?
Actually, it's true for any medicine.
You want to be careful with any medicine, but especially when there's a potential link to something you don't want for your child later on, and if it's a low-grade fever.
An LNP with
With an mRNA and it is a lot better or us, you know a whole assortment of mRNAs and small mRNAs and micro RNAs Those that lipid nanoparticle preparation is also fine during during Pregnancy, just not Tylenol Tylenol is bad.
You can manage without it then you try Thank you for watching subscribe below and download That was loud, sorry about that.
Holy cow falling behind here hit it and
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Intramuscular injection remains dumb.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Transpection is a crime and autism is a myth.
I hope I'm making myself very clear today.
This is part of the Independent Bright Web.
Give Your Own Biological coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Trying to get everybody off of social media trying to get you to get your kids off of social media We can do it other ways.
There are other ways to do it Mastodon is a way to do it if you don't want to do it with with soapbox or peer tube There's at least mastodon out there.
There are ways that
that people can have a federated internet where everybody's hosting their own thing, and it's still all connected.
And that's what stream.gigaohm.bio is with Peertube.
And as soon as we get another Peertube instance up for Housatonic, you're going to see how that interconnectivity works and how one channel can promote another channel.
And it all works kind of well together.
And of course the app will then allow you to have both my own work and that of Mark's separate but available on the platform's part of that app.
So it's really, really cool.
And that's why the cheese is free on social media because they're taking everything.
And they want you to love it so much to fight for it.
They want you to love it so much that you demand it.
And why would they do this?
Why would they do this?
This is the question you need to be asking.
And the answer is that there will never be more genetic diversity available again.
We are at a time point when human diversity is at its peak for all time.
They know the population is about to crash.
And so it's one big theater with one big cast that all trusts the script.
And that's why yelling at the stage or tweeting or even showing up at a conference is not going to change their script because that's not how theater works.
That's not how theater works.
We're gonna try and make America real again though by teaching this to our young people and trying to build an independent bright web.
Good to see you there, Arthur.
No steak knives for you today.
You joining at just the right time, though.
It's good.
Good to see you.
We are going to get into the meat of the show.
I just shared a video that I actually shared about three days ago of Jayanta Bhattacharya, just to recap for Arthur there.
And it was a video where he's talking to this guy on News Nation who starts the clip by saying that he is a guy with autism.
And I found that quite fascinating.
I actually didn't know for sure if he meant himself or if he was talking about his kid.
And it turns out he was talking about himself.
So this show, which is titled Jay Says Jayanta is a Fraud, is actually also about that dude.
And about what that dude is accomplishing by having Jayanta Bhattacharya on his show and talking about autism and all agreeing that I guess he's had it.
We've got to show our kids the truth so that they can see it.
And then they won't need to fight about it anymore because they will understand why vaccines don't cause autism.
And they will understand why autism in the definition of the NIH and all of these people could never be caused by autism more or less.
And that doesn't change anything about maybe even Brian Hooker's story or Pauly Tommy's story or any of these other parents' stories.
They're just very rare stories.
And the truth will set you free because the biology explains those stories.
That's really it.
So the peg was in the mattress fabric.
Oh, wow.
Yikes.
I didn't understand what I was reading there for a second.
I had to look at the chat.
Please show your children the truth.
Teach them why the cheese is free on social media.
Because it's a military weapon, ladies and gentlemen.
It would be wonderful if all the college kids were on social media.
They could do all kinds of things.
Motivate them to do all kinds of things.
Ladies and gentlemen,
The parents and children and future parents of children in America need to stay focused on the biology.
They need to not take the bait on social media by really almost, for all practical purposes, leaving social media.
And you need to love your neighbor.
We need to start building our own websites, and our own PeerTube instances, and our own Soapbox instances, just like Truth Social is, just like Blue Sky is.
I know that sounds kind of odd, but it's true.
They're not being used appropriately right now, or correctly right now, or whatever.
I guess they are, right?
Because you can follow anybody on those on Soapbox as well.
So it's really just a question of understanding that this is a script and that's why this comedy exists.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
With Tylenol, don't take it.
That's the reason why they were able to do this.
Don't take Tylenol.
Fight like hell.
and uh that's why we are here welcome to the show ladies and gentlemen it's good to see everybody uh let me think what do i want to do here i want to do this one and then i want to do this one does that work yes good morning uh good afternoon it's 1 18 p.m we are way behind schedule as usual here uh gigaohm biological is not typically punctual it's something that you're just gonna have to get used to until this
This train starts to run a little smoothly.
I do have some good news.
My wife is in pursuit of a remote-based job.
It's in Dutch.
That kind of helps a little bit.
But that does mean that there are some things that, you know, just will take a little more time in the morning or... I don't know.
It's just you're not going to get a notification all the time about
necessarily when the show is going to come on unless I'm able to tell Fela early enough in the morning so if we get up in the morning and I've got my deck together and I know I'm going to go on at 10 10 I can probably get her to get a notification about but on the days that she's going to work this little job to try and make our ends meet
Then there won't be any notification.
And maybe what I'll be able to do is put something up on Soapbox or something like that.
We'll have to work this out.
I can also get the email list.
But she does quite a bit more than that.
And so I don't know where this is going to go from here.
But overall this is still a very good thing.
The important thing is that I'm going to be on more often, so the notification will be less important because you can just kind of count on me being around for sure on the weekdays.
We're still, you know, people on social media are still engaged in trying to change the plot of the Star Trek Enterprise show that they're watching, not realizing that the U.S.
government is completely out of their control and that the truth isn't available on social media.
But that's really the truth.
They might as well be watching Star Trek.
And that's the way that now I finally have hope that we can get out because that's a message, that is a sort of doorway out that any reasonable teenager and any reasonable young adult can see as a possibility and openly consider it.
And once you can start to explain it like that, that a lot of these people are employed just to create this drama on social media and created to kind of give the impression that something meaningful is happening there.
And that's really it.
The script is not even something that they need to be especially familiar with.
And that's the reason why Jayanta Bhattacharya can do what he's doing right now.
I'm really trying to seek the truth together.
I believe that's what that means there in Latin.
It has been a six or seven year operation that is a much longer operation in its expanding, you know, whatever.
It's been very long, but I think 2021 is really a crucial year
in these people's collective history because you can see that 2021 is kind of the year where all of these people were recruited and then they spread out across the internet to do as much damage as possible.
And so yesterday I showed you an example of what Charlie Sheen was saying.
Charlie Sheen is an especially interesting character because he plays a very crucial role in the 9-11 narrative control as outlined very nicely by my friend Mark Kulak.
Some of his most recent work has been trying to propose an alternative explanation for 9-11 that doesn't involve
orbiting space lasers or, I don't know, a small country in the Middle East being able to control the world with blackmail.
So after these six years, I've come to understand that one of the traps that we've been in is trying to process these events on this short
timescale or short time horizons of social media.
And that was especially true here at the beginning of the pandemic.
And in fact, that's when these actors were all seeded in our collective experience and then spread out to do the most damage over the next five years.
And also to kind of seed this narrative that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a viable candidate for president and then
would cross over to be part of the Trump administration late in the election.
Not that dissimilar, again, to that Skyhorse publishing book that I mentioned a few minutes ago, Don't Start the Revolution Without Me by Jesse Ventura, which ends in this epilogue where a very similar thing happens, including the shooting of the president.
So, you know, Donald Trump being shot in 2024 or supposedly being shot by somebody that went to the same high school as my kid is part of this narrative as well.
Don't don't make any mistakes here I take this very seriously because a lot of these people came to my house because they Claimed to have shot the president or they claim that a kid shot.
The president came from my kids high school This is not a joke to me.
This is extremely serious Also, I was flown to California a couple three times where I just happened to meet Jayanta Bhattacharya and that's also in retrospect not by accident
This is a lot of money and a lot of people and a lot of influence being used on me to try and make it seem like, make it feel like I was doing something significant, that significant people were listening to me, when in fact it was the opposite.
They were programming social media and doing everything they could to make sure that nobody would hear what I had to say.
And they went so far as to include me as an expert in the Wuhan cover-up book, I assume primarily to discredit me.
And so it will be interesting to see how long it will take any newspapers in the United States to react to my press sort of bundle where they get a book and a description to how I think I was defrauded by this book because I don't agree with what's in the book.
It's not what I wanted it to say.
They've kind of taken a lot of my quotes out of context.
And I'm pretty disappointed because I thought that I had the ear of this guy, but I don't.
And so now I want to say that this book and this dude's a fraud.
And if no newspapers in America will pick up that story, where are we in America right now?
That's the question you need to ask yourself, because this is frightening, because it's for all the marbles.
That's why Israel and Gaza is so ridiculous.
That's why these guys are so ridiculous.
That's why there's a global fake health freedom movement.
It expands the English reading part of the globe.
And in fact, more than that, because it's in Germany and in the UK and all these places and social media is demonstrating its power to all of the governments of the world.
That's what you really need to see.
Demonstrating its power to all the governments of the world.
even probably making predictions and promises about what the public opinion will be in the coming weeks and probably already delivered on those promises in previous demonstrations.
This is serious, ladies and gentlemen.
We are in an actual trap.
And Sean the Sheep, he agrees.
He agrees.
And so the bad biology has to be unlearned evolution because DNA is nonsense.
We can unlearn this.
We can teach something different to our kids.
Peertube is the app to download.
Please do it.
I don't want to harp on it too much, but I do think it's really seriously that good.
It plays better.
It's reliable.
It doesn't collect your data.
It's a very small app.
It's super useful.
I love.
I love watching Mark on that as opposed to YouTube.
It's great.
These are the truths that we have been pushing lately.
I think they're pretty solid.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Transfection of healthy humans is a crime.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Autism is a meaningless word by design.
And a man who thinks he's a woman is not normal.
But the cosmetic transformation, regardless of specific details, results in a transitioned or trans man, not a trans woman.
And once you fix the language, there's no more controversy.
Ladies and gentlemen, that's what fifth generation warfare is all about.
That's why they have the
some guy with a very articulate, successful, handsome guy with no apparent disabilities, claiming that he has autism and talking to the NIH director as if that's just a normal claim.
It's not a normal claim.
It's a very, very awful and disingenuous claim that Brian Hooker is also actually behind.
You can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
And why is Brian Hooker behind it?
Brian Hooker is behind it because he in 2013 did not use the word autism.
He didn't like the word autism.
And in 2015, he started calling it autism.
Brian Hooker is a part of it because for 16 years he was genetically modifying plants to make medicines.
Not that dissimilar to what somebody who works for the Human Genome Project might do.
You know, like Kevin McKernan.
And these people are both behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and CHD and this, you know, wild goose chase about DNA contamination that may or may not come to public knowledge as a debate point.
But if it does, it will be further excused to make RNA better, but not actually faulted on a biological principle, you know, that we don't understand enough about ourselves to inject RNA and hope that it works.
We can't augment ourselves by injecting some instructions.
That's so stupid.
And that we are accepting this as normal is only because there is a chorus of people that is canvassing mainstream media, canvassing the blogosphere on Substack, and canvassing the podcast universe with actors.
The national security state has realized that conversations between two scripted actors are the best way to convince people of things that are not true.
And now we're here.
And we think that real things are happening on social media, that these illusions of consensus are real.
We are at the stage where the now NIH director actually started a fricking sub stack called illusion of consensus and stole that from me.
I think that was in 2023 that he started that blog.
And I had already said it in 22.
Like it's just, it's sad.
This whole thing is really sad because I can see it too easily now.
There was a population pyramid prediction in the 90s.
They already knew that this was going to be a disaster for social security.
It was going to be a disaster for the NHS in the UK because all of these countries after World War II have the same population bump where people came back and had big families for a few years until a coordinated global campaign to tell people to stop having such big families worked.
Around the same time, you know, China decided to have a one-child policy.
And so then guess what?
They also have a bump like this.
And so they also had an aging population to manage.
And that's also an opportunity.
If you're willing to kill a few people and lie about it, you could even misconstrue it as a global pandemic.
But if this population pyramid prediction is uniform across all of these developed nations.
Stop lying!
That's the problem.
And how long have I been saying it this clearly?
And how long have all of these people that include actuaries and people with five post-secondary degrees that are also surfers have never been able to articulate this very, very simple and extraordinary fact?
that they expected arise in all-cause mortality.
And somehow or another, they lost control of pneumonia for two years.
And they also lost control of a street opioid epidemic.
So it's weird, right?
The math is so easy.
Like one plus one plus one equals three.
Done.
And so it also is striking that during the rise and the development of this rise in all-cause mortality, these anti-vax groups with the anti-vax movies, with the anti-vax UK people like Polly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield all started to coalesce, or maybe the better word should be congeal, on American soil.
And that congealing continued until Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were dead.
Did I say that right?
I thought I mixed them up for a second.
And so this is just the most malevolent of timelines.
And so again, I've encouraged people to go back to 2021, 2022 to look at the timeline.
Here we go back to, I believe we're going back to 2020,
Where is this?
I don't know what video this is.
I can't from the free press.
Oh, yeah.
This is right now.
I'm Barry Weiss.
Leland Vittert is one of America's most recognizable television correspondents.
You'll know his face from years of frontline reporting in places like Egypt, Libya, Israel, Ukraine.
You may have also followed his tumultuous exit from Fox News in twenty twenty one after clashing with the network over their coverage of Donald Trump.
Wait, what?
He left Fox News because of their coverage of Donald Trump?
Who is this guy again?
Who is it?
And then perhaps his redemption arc, becoming the host of On Balance and the chief Washington anchor at NewsNation.
What you might not know, I certainly didn't, is that Leland Vittert is autistic.
He's just written a book about it called Born Lucky, a dedicated father, a grateful son, and my journey with autism.
In it, Leland explains that he didn't speak until the age of three, that he was born severely cross-eyed and struggled with basic concepts like eye contact, humor, conversational cues, and social rules.
Suffice it to say, his middle school and high school years were nothing short of hell.
So how did the kid that I'm describing go from being totally lost, socially isolated?
If you want to see evidence that this child is a totally scripted fraud, you should go look at her first Joe Rogan appearance.
She looks like a 16-year-old or 18-year-old or 19-year-old college freshman is probably the best description.
She's a 19-year-old college freshman who's a journalism major who already thinks that she's essentially a journalist and talks like it and goes very off script with one person that was on the team already, Tulsi Gabbard, and it's just hilarious.
It's hilarious because she sounds like a child.
Here she's reading a script and doing a lot of takes.
And so one thing you'll notice is they got rid of the clock.
They used to have a clock behind her.
And the reason why they got rid of the clock is because it would always reveal that it wasn't one take.
Sometimes the clock would go like this and then like this and then like this during a single month.
To being on television.
The answer is work, relentless nonstop training, particularly by his father.
His father knew that the world would not change for his son and that his son would have to learn to adapt to the world.
Wow, so Brian Hooker is just a shitty dad then because this guy's dad just trained him.
I guess he was, you know, having projectile diarrhea and banging his head on the wall.
And his dad said, no, no, don't do that.
Poop in the toilet.
Stop banging your head.
And he just did it day after day until the kids stopped.
And then he said, talk, speak, read this, write this word down.
Born Lucky is a profoundly moving memoir about how Leland, and most notably his father, worked to beat his autism.
You'll have to read it to understand how they did it.
Leland was diagnosed about 40 years ago.
Since then the conversation around autism has shifted dramatically and so has the rate.
I too am losing my mind with this stupid music behind it and her cadence of reading the I assume iPad reflected teleprompter in front of her is just
It is so high school junior level shit here.
It's sad.
A diagnosis.
In the 1980s, about 1 in 1,000 American children were diagnosed with autism.
Today, it's 1 in 31.
Why?
Are more people being diagnosed?
Is it genetics?
Is it pollution?
Is it that people are having children later?
Or is it something else entirely?
The question about what causes autism and how we treat it has become so politicized, though, that the conversation has left people resentful, anxious, confused, or scared.
And most critically, for parents of children suffering with autism, without answers.
born lucky is landing at an especially interesting moment given that the trump administration has just put the topic of autism at center stage last week trump held a controversial press conference where he drew a link between the active ingredient in tylenol and autism telling mothers not to take it and to tough it out that can you imagine a scenario where
The autism that is more prevalent supposedly in young boys has to do with the circumcision of boys in American hospitals.
Can you just imagine that as a possibility?
Because it isn't ridiculous.
There's a lot of possibilities that none of these people seem to be able to consider because they're scripted.
Because it takes a lot of work and scholarship to be a biologist with the sophistication necessary to see through the script that these people are on.
And that's what keeps them on the script.
If they knew enough to see through the script, then they wouldn't be on it.
or they would be really, really bad people and very easy to break and you would be able to see.
The enthusiasm here is what belies her mental state.
She doesn't understand.
She assumes that she's been scripted correctly.
She assumes that her connections are better than most.
She assumes that what's happening is really good because she has her own university and shit.
It's gotta be right.
Not that dissimilar to say how Charlie Kirk thought.
He must be right because he's getting all of that money.
He's having all of that success.
There's all this momentum.
He has all these employees.
He has built an organization worth 150 million dollars.
He probably assumes that something is doing, working very well.
You know, maybe even Elon Musk, to a certain extent, thinks that he's responsible for some of his own success.
I don't know.
I kind of doubt that.
But anyway, back to Barry the Child Weiss here.
That is among the many, many things that Leland and I talk about in this wide-ranging, fascinating, and emotional conversation.
You won't want to miss it.
Stay with us.
it's not always raining on september 26th more than a forger there are movies and then there are movies
There are movies, and then there are movies that stay with you for a really long time.
Films that serve as a powerful reminder of what real courage looks like, especially at a time when integrity feels like it's in short supply.
Bao!
Artist at War is a film that does just that.
It's a film that showcases real heroes.
Bao is the true story of a man named Joseph Bao, who was a prisoner in a Nazi concentration camp.
He risked his life forging documents to help also sign up.
Subscriber and now I have.
Let me spell it for you.
It's BAUmovie.com.
I mean, what is this voice, right?
This is all bullshit.
It's like the same thing that the Weinstein, Heather Haying does.
It's all just silly.
They all want to be Annie Jacobson, but they're not.
Eileen Bitter, welcome to Honestly.
Long-time listener, first-time caller.
Common Sense OG subscriber.
Common Sense OG subscriber, and now I have to follow the former head of the Mossad, whose nickname is Model, which, of course, there's no pressure.
Look at this set.
Look at the photography involved.
Look at the lighting.
There are multiple cameras.
It's either post editing or live direction, which either way requires multiple employees.
There's no question that the amount of expense that's being put on every one of these is just a joke.
It's a joke.
There could be 50 employees behind this show.
That's what we're dealing with here.
Employees that work social media, employees that book and schedule, employees that script, employees that pick her outfits, employees that have designed this whole backdrop and are moving that on the airs thing to all these different places.
I mean, that is just, that's really funny.
She's probably not even old enough for that to even mean anything.
model because of his good looks, which you also share.
Maybe you're more humble than him.
Well, Leland, your nickname growing up was Lucky.
Maybe people still call you that.
Everybody.
Everybody who knew me when I was a kid.
It's an amazing nickname.
So if Brian Hooker would have had the right combination of puzzles and games and nutrition,
Brian Hooker's son would potentially also be a newscaster, but unfortunately Brian didn't have that.
So, you know, and, and for Polly Tommy, you know, her son was practically cured when he got some secretin injections and that was in a newspaper.
So you can check that yourself.
Mary Holland's kid was very damaged, but you know, over time he's, after he's been in a home that she's provided with all of her donations, you know, after she's been, had a therapist for his whole life, he's a little better, I guess, or something like that.
I don't know.
It's not like they sit next to them with their kid, right?
Show you the progress or show you the evidence.
That's not, we wouldn't want to exploit their children.
We just should take their word for it.
They say they have an autistic kid, so checkmate.
Get back in line.
This is how America is being governed.
And now understand, just like my show is not for everybody, Barry Weiss is not for everybody either.
She's just another cat herder and they have hundreds of them.
And so if you see through her, it doesn't mean you've seen through all of them.
And that's their magic trick.
They only need to get about 80% of the people with their cat herding crew.
And they have, they have and more.
of your book, which is called Born Lucky, A Dedicated Father, A Grateful Son, and My Journey with Autism, like could not be more perfectly timed to the news.
Like you clearly are born under a lucky star or at least luck with timing.
And that's because autism is sort of the story of- Because it couldn't have been scripted, no way.
of the moment, thanks to the Trump administration and its FDA, which just announced that it's going to change the Tylenol.
And she is looking down at the script.
They're going to go question by question and point by point because that's how scripted podcasts work.
This is not a scripted podcast.
I actually turned the page.
I have nothing written here, nothing written there.
I know what's in my slides because I made them, but if any point in time I wanted to address something in the chat and go off for an hour, I could do it.
I've never had a script.
Do you know that I had more of a script on my bike than I had for any stream that I've ever done since I did JC on the bike?
Because I had the titles
of the figures written on my tube of my bike so that I would know the titles of the figures and could read them or recite them for the people while I was riding.
So I had a cheat sheet.
I didn't have anything else.
I had to remember everything I read.
I had to remember what was in the figures.
But that was usually enough.
But that list for Journal Club, I don't have.
I don't have anything like that when I do this.
Because what this is,
is the culmination.
It's like a daily oral exam on the culmination of everything that I've read over the last six years and the decades before it.
And I can remember some of it and I can't remember other parts of it, but you're just seeing a live demonstration of how much I've learned.
And you don't see that with any of these other people.
Jessica Rose can't do that.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can't do that.
Mary Holland can't do that.
And Pauly Tommy can't do that.
And in fact, if they did that, what they'd have to show you is that they have the same shtick that they had in 2015 with a little COVID, you know, COVID flavor added to it.
This is a fraud.
That man over there is a scripted fraud and he is very, very happy to be a part of the ruling elite to do it.
Not that dissimilar to how Peter Hotez is very happy to be part of the ruling elite to do it.
safety label to say that it may cause autism and ADHD in children whose mothers take it while pregnant.
This is what Donald Trump said to expectant mothers in the White House in a conference about this new change.
Don't take Tylenol, he said.
Don't take it.
Fight like hell not to take it.
Paul Offit, a famous doctor and head of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, called it arguably the most irresponsible public health press conference.
So you see, right, he promoted Paul Offit opposite Jay Bhattacharya on his podcast.
Now he's on her podcast with a very non-overlapping audience promoting the exact same, you know,
bifurcated narrative with the same two Muppets yelling at each other.
It is absolutely crystal clear that we are watching a Lollapalooza of liars that goes on each other's podcasts.
And by the end of this show, it's going to be so crystal clear that you're going to need sunglasses.
It's so bright.
it's
What I think is important in this, and thank you for asking, I think you highlighted the most important part, which is that autism is now part of the conversation.
And that's missing.
So now on TikTok, you have pregnant women downing bottles of Tylenol to own President Trump.
which I think sort of shows you where we are in the conversation.
That's what social media tells him.
I don't know if that's really true or not, but that's what they say.
So many people would rather ridicule the search for a cause rather than have an honest conversation.
Had Jay Bhattacharya on the show on News Nation, inspired by your podcast with him.
And he said,
And so then, of course, you see that she had Jay Bhattacharya on a few months ago.
And so he says that I had him on because he was on your podcast.
And so then really it is a LARPer circle jerk world tour.
That's all it is.
It's a Hualapalooza of liars where, you know, Joe Satriani can join Eric Clapton on stage because the stages are on the same show.
And later on, if you are on Joe Satriani's stage, and then, you know, I don't know, who would come on from, somebody from Guns N' Roses, you know, like, what is that guy's name?
The dude with the hair and the hat.
He could come on and play with Joe Satriani too.
And so, you know, one crossover could be great.
The other crossover could be kind of weird.
And so that just happens on all these podcasts, all these podcasters.
And when you see that some of these people that are supposedly on polar opposite sides of the limited spectrum of debate, that is this fake, you know, sphere of death where these motorcycle riders are riding around like this and arguing about shit, they are on opposite sides of it.
But at one point in time in the narrative, a lot of these people did podcasts together.
And once you see that, it's over.
So long, you weren't allowed to ask the question, why are autism rates growing?
And he said, I don't know.
I can't tell you as a physician.
You have something that went from 1 in 1,000 when I was diagnosed with what we now know to be autism, now 1 in 36, 1 in 12 for boys, higher than that for poor and minority communities.
See, he said it there again, when I was diagnosed with what we now know as autism, he is being extremely meticulous with his language because he wants you to know that at the time he wasn't diagnosed with autism.
He just wasn't.
You can live with HIV.
Most cancers have been cured or to the point now that they won't kill you.
We can create bionic people with fake joints, heart disease, diabetes, all of these things we've made huge advances in in 40 years.
In autism, we have not.
It's a medical mystery.
It is a mystery, but because of
whatever you want to call the surrounding aura around it, people have been unwilling to ask the scientific questions in an honest way.
Well, let's talk about the surrounding aura, because there's lots of different culprits, I think you could say, in creating that aura, or maybe it's a fog.
On the one hand, we ran this incredible piece by a woman called Jill Escher, a mom of two children with profound autism, nonverbal children, mostly, who speaks about sort of the rise of this neurodiversity pride movement, the idea that we should just accept
autism and in fact it's something you know like like anything else to like gay pride to be to be proud of and she says that that has sort of stymied honest curious research into a cause.
Other people say that the fog has been created by people that are so concerned that looking into
So all the ways that we're going to discuss it, it could never be the national security state creating the fog.
You see the problem there?
Never is it the national security state that's creating the fog.
It's always, always, always people on the street that are out of the control of the national security state, working on their own, pushing misinformation, making lots of money, telling lies.
And that's the absurdity and they all stick to that narrative that it's just kind of random lemming phenomenon that the government could never possibly have instigated, controlled, even orchestrated and murdered people to make sure that they did.
Could never be that.
It's just a bunch of people that our government can't get a handle on because misinformation is so darn enticing.
Conspiracy theories are so fun.
Right, Joe Rogan and Ian Carroll?
Any connection between autism and vaccines will lead people to not get their children vaccinated for critical diseases like measles and polio.
Still other people point to pollution.
Like, what is your sense when you look at the big pie?
of who is most to blame, if we can say that, for a lack of an answer to what has caused this unbelievable rise.
I'm not smart enough to answer that question.
I think the answer is yes and, right?
It is all of these factors coming together.
I think the neurodiversity pride movement, if you wanted to call it that, and look, there was a little bit of that in my story too, that people told my dad, look, you know, it's kind of who he is, let's meet him where he's at.
Uh-uh, that was not how I was grown up in any way, shape or form.
I think it's a yes and issue that there are all of these contributing factors to not answering and not honestly investigating.
And Bhattacharya was very open about it.
He said, look, there is a lot of resistance within the scientific community to researching this issue and to coming up with an honest answer to it.
He said, do I think it's vaccines?
No, but I don't know.
And that to me is the real sort of
awful part of this.
And I say that because how are we letting politics or the sacredness of vaccines or this wacky, let's celebrate everyone who they are, no matter what struggles they might have, are now meaning there's going to be a lot more kids
who had the hell that I did growing up.
And they may not have a father who could quit his job and who could become a full-time parent coach and who could devote himself to me in the way my dad did.
So why wouldn't we try to help those kids?
You wrote this piece in the Wall Street Journal.
The title was I'm Autistic and RFK Jr.
Is Right to Hunt for Root Causes.
This is what you wrote.
There's been a tremendous increase in autism diagnoses.
You put out those numbers.
We have been baited by these people, ladies and gentlemen.
Do not let yourself be ruled by podcasts.
You just got to stop following these people.
They're all scripted actors.
They were all put in place and they all trust the script.
Thanks for being here.
I'll see you in a few minutes.
Yeah.
if I need to.
It's so funny when things ain't feeling right, that it's time to proceed through.
Pretty soon the love won't wash away.
Rain or shine, it's always still this day.
All these years you and I spent together, I guess we
We're trying to stop the devastation   We're all doing trials and tribulations   Feeling the burden, the tires of his years   And giggling, yelling, cries of his tears   Can you calm before we go?
I want to see you before we're too old   Don't just treat me for trying to behave   I understand
Yeah!
I have a giant bowl of food here, way too much before the very tasty.
Thank you very much for coming for the second half of the show.
That was Stevie Ray Vaughan, in case you don't know.
Couldn't stand the weather.
I like to visit the timeline.
I'm all about the timeline.
I showed you yesterday this video from 2021 where this clown is telling- That's all right.
That's all right.
What he did during the pandemic.
The students need educators, you know?
Exactly.
Yeah.
So how have you been?
I mean, this pandemic has been hard for everybody, some more than others.
How has it been for you and the kids?
Yeah, no, we all-
You know, for me personally, from its onset, I approached it how I approach every other day, and that's that I just led with common sense and common courtesy.
So when they told me to stay home, I stayed home.
When they told me to wear a mask, I wore a mask.
When they said I could do this, I did that.
So I thought I'd stick with the 2021 theme, go back to February of 2021,
to a video, that says I gotta go to the gym, to a video that Mark Kulak of Housatonic ITS sent to me and I just think it's hilarious.
So I'm just gonna let it play for a few minutes and maybe we'll revisit it tomorrow as part of the, shoot, I didn't have that in the right.
Anyway, it's okay.
Sorry for the audio there.
I'm Dave Rubin and it's Friday, so we've got another big panel show for you guys.
Today we'll be focusing on big tech censorship, specifically in the medical and legal worlds.
And joining me today is addiction medicine specialist and host of the Dr. Drew podcast, the one and only Dr. Drew.
Stanford-trained internist and host of the ZDoggMD show, Dr. Zubin Damania, and commercial litigation lawyer turned YouTuber, we're all YouTubers now, Viva Frye.
Welcome to the show, guys.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
So, I'm looking forward to this because I think we're going to touch on pretty much everything that everybody's talking about.
So wait, this guy who's in the original picture with Rogan and Peterson and Sam Harris and Ben Shapiro and him and the Weinsteins, that guy is now having these three people, Dr. Drew, associated with the network that I'm associated with through Adam Carolla and Broken Science, and they're long working with him, this guy,
who's done several podcasts with both the FTA guy and also the Paul Offit guy, and then that guy, who, after he was famous at the Canadian trucker finanza, bonanza, decided to move to Florida and become a full-time podcaster with the Barnes dude.
I actually have a text message from that guy over there that was gonna interview at me at one point in 2024 and then he vanished and it's still on my phone.
I got his name from a guy by the name of Chet Chisholm in Canada, some EMT that said that he wanted to interview me and then it never happened, but it's on my phone.
It's bizarro world because in February of 2021, these people had a conversation.
This is Paul Offit's buddy.
basically at every level of society these days related to lockdowns and censorship and free speech and everything else.
You guys have all dealt with some level of censorship yourselves in the last couple of weeks.
Drew, I'll start with you.
Is your YouTube channel still demonetized?
I know you were demonetized for a while, which people think is just about money, but actually when you get demonetized, that hurts you in the algorithm and then you get less views and everything else.
Where are you at with that?
ZDogg's nodding along.
Oh yeah, that's also what happens.
It's not just about money.
You also get knocked down in the algorithm.
Because the algorithm is completely out of our control.
Stop lying!
Gosh, this is so dumb.
I mean, when you see it in retrospect, it is so ridiculous to think that this is four independent men.
It's hilarious!
This is a virtual view!
and why did it happen?
I was in some sort of one week deplatforming.
I was actually and threatening with permanent deplatforming for absolutely reasons I cannot determine.
I was sent a list of policies that are not to be violated and they were nowhere near anything I was talking about.
The only thing that came close that I could imagine is I had COVID and I was discussing the status as measured of my immunity
and somehow discussing immunity is touchy for them.
I was talking to an anesthesiologist who's doing research on long haulers and we were just discussing the controversies of the kinds of issues that can, kinds of treatments can be used to deal with cytokine activation.
There he meant long haulers like long COVID.
So in February of 2021, they're reinforcing the narrative of long COVID, reinforcing the narrative that there is a novel virus because he had it.
right, Dr. Drew?
Deal with active viral illness, deal with brain inflammation, things like fluvoxamine, that's all we were talking about.
Then we get a notification that we're deplat, we're in the doghouse for a week, and I still don't know why.
Right, so you're in the doghouse for a week.
I guess the strike, from what I understand, the strike, I guess, has been taken away, but you know, once that thing kicks in once, you're that much closer to being gone altogether.
That's right.
Zubin, you had problems.
Let's put YouTube aside for a moment.
You had some problems with Facebook in the last couple of weeks, right?
Yeah, and we're in all these platforms as well.
And on Facebook, I suddenly got a message on the back end in my creator side that said, oh, this page is at risk for being de-published.
Don't forget the free speech oligarch by the name of Dana White is on the board of Facebook.
You know, the guy who has the only sport in the world that allows their fighters to say whatever they want.
There's free speech because he believes in it.
Think about how comical it is.
because of violations of community standards.
And I got no such notifications, had no clue.
And when you click appeal, it's grayed out.
So you have no recourse.
And on top of that, the concern was- I'm suffering so much, they canceled me.
The entire page, that's a 2.2 million person following thing that we've built over 10 years.
They were basically saying, oh, tomorrow it could be gone with no explanation.
And that was a little frustrating because it had been led into with some of my videos that were sort of talking about the science of vaccines in a pro-vaccine way, being labeled as potential misinformation by independent fact checkers.
So the whole thing was kind of a mess.
This is the thing that kills me.
Independent fact checkers.
Go ahead, Drew.
I got to tell you, this is what exercises me and my son is a law student, got very worked up about this, that we are board certified in internal medicine.
I have 35 years of practice in medicine.
I'm having a conversation with a colleague and non-medical professionals are determining what is appropriate for a physician conversation in the public sphere, which is
anathema.
It's bizarre.
And there's so many things wrong with that I can't even begin to talk about.
Wait, Drew, are you telling?
Maybe a better way to think about these people as sort of pace runners.
And so the function that social media has is that you end up choosing one of these intellectual dimwits on a script and follow them.
So even if you progress intellectually faster than them, you will nevertheless be hoping that they progress with you.
And if they don't, you might find somebody else progressing at the pace that you're progressing at.
But the bottom line is, is that you will be under a spell because you don't realize that what's happening in this four-person conversation is a setting and maintaining of a pace.
and a defining of this hamster wheel and an agreement about what all these people have gone through over the last few years.
This is February of 2021.
This isn't even when the majority of, oh yeah, the majority of the people will be killed the following year in the, in the winter of 2021.
And so we're just getting started right here.
And what the agreement is among these four people is that there was a novel virus.
It's traveling around the world.
There is long COVID and natural immunity to it matters.
That's the only things that they can seem to agree on.
And they all agree on that.
And that's exactly the national security state narrative they're supposed to agree on.
that anonymous non-expert people that work for giant big tech companies might have some sort of bias and should not be in charge of what medical professionals say?
Right, just non-medical is the part.
You're having non-medical personnel determining what a physician should say.
But these aren't non-medical personnel that are also kind of having influence on, it's just crazy.
We are in a big trap.
Viva, on the legal side of this,
Well, have you been outright censored just because of your legal positions?
And then we'll dive into a little bit more on the legal side of what people like these two gentlemen can do.
So I have not been, I have not gotten a strike.
I've gotten a warning, which I thought tooth and nail to have removed, and it was more of a misunderstanding than anything else.
But I did at one point when I broke down and explained the deposition of Alex Jones.
That video, after a couple hundred thousand views, was suddenly demonetized and confirmed on appeal without any appeal being lodged on my side.
Then subsequently, it was actually removed from the platform for violating the terms of service as relates to hate speech.
And bear in mind, this was nothing more than an analysis of a deposition of Alex Jones in his defamation lawsuit, and I didn't even include any of the incendiary parts.
So I thought that tooth and nail as well.
And then magically one day it comes back on the platform fully monetized as though the search terms in the algorithm had been modified or tinkered with.
And what was taboo two weeks ago is now green-lighted once again.
And this happens vice versa all the time.
Yeah.
And just to be clear, you know, all of you guys have locals communities.
You have other ways that you make money.
He talked about Alex Jones and got censored.
I mean,
That's just dumb.
That is so dumb.
That is just so dumb.
You have subscriptions and all that, but the demonetization thing, I mean, people don't realize it.
They think, oh, you're just complaining over some ad dollars that you get, but it really is not that.
It hurts the video's ability to get out to other people.
But it's interesting because you're talking about how basically non-legal experts
are shutting you down for talking about a legal case.
And what the two doctors here are saying are that in essence, non-medical experts have this kind of power.
Drew, since you've been in the media game the longest out of us, like, does any of this surprise you?
I mean, you've had to deal with network sensors and all of that, but that this has now leaked into so much of new media as well.
Yeah, this has gotten, well, I never expected anything like this.
This is absolutely bizarre for me.
And where it gets even more bizarre is how much it has, physicians, we are easily frightened, right?
We're frightened of liability.
We're frightened of our reputation being damaged in some way.
And now I'm seeing doctors out in the world, not only afraid to talk about what we normally do, which is,
discuss medicine, discuss controversies, discuss within the literature, discuss how we've improvised to try to help patients, will not discuss it and certainly will not try anything.
And people are literally dying.
Some of this, I think, is because medicine has become so corporatized.
I really looked into this rather carefully.
And so many physicians, particularly on the general medicine side and ER, are hired by large corporations or large hospital groups.
And if they step out of any alignment with the specified clinical pathways, they are in danger.
So they just shut up.
You don't need doctors anymore.
Why have doctors if we're not using our judgment and not sharing and growing and building medical knowledge?
Are you telling me we're not all doctors just by signing on to WebMD and figuring out what's wrong with ourselves?
In which there are no ethical boundaries.
You can't conceive of warfare in which there's no guardrails.
There's no consensus about the rules of engagement.
But that's what we're in right now.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, that's where we are right now.
There are no morals.
They are just lying to you.
And they do it because there was an expected rise in all-cause mortality that needed managing and also presented an opportunity for them to invert your sovereignty to experimental animal status under the pretense that the Human Genome Project is something more important than any one person or any one family.
It's about taking control of the evolution of the species.
And this is a once-in-a-lifetime, maybe a once-in-multiple-generations time and opportunity to do it.
And so an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality sculpted using murder and lies, you know, a few thousand is not that hard.
And it's not that big of a cost if we're talking about multi-generational control over the human species and the direction that it goes.
And they think that that's what they're doing.
They've thought that since the 50s.
They expect it to be further by now, but it doesn't change their motivations.
It doesn't change the narrative.
And that's the reason why this false two-party theater is being run by the national security state.
It's not two corporate parties.
It is one national security theater.
And anybody that rises into clear view is a scripted actor, because that's how social media works.
It has become militarized, and we are being governed by podcast actors.
That's the reality, and that's the reason why you need to teach this to your children, because podcast actors are being used to define almost everything that everybody argues about.
We can get out though by just teaching our kids all of these myths.
All of these nonsensical myths that we bought into because social media is that powerful.
It's murder and lies.
It's about the grandchildren of earth.
Get your kids off of social media right now.
Just do it.
Get them off of social media.
See you soon.
I'll see you soon.
Probably tomorrow.
RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Thank you very much for being here, everybody.
Good to see everybody in the chat.
Vilma, good to see you.
I'm sorry that you wasted money paying Viva.
That's unfortunate.
The wheel must be broken, ladies and gentlemen.
The wheel must be broken.
I hope to do a Saturday show.
There's a possibility that we're going to do a Saturday morning show and my motivation for doing that would be primarily, and I know this is going to sound very very lame from the perspective of saving the world and saving our children from social media, but I have this idea that PeerTube
might be the greatest place to post old cartoons from my childhood.
And so I have been busy for quite some time collecting those cartoons.
I have the first three seasons of Scooby-Doo.
I have all of the seasons of Dungeons and Dragons, which was one of my favorite cartoons on TV when I was a kid.
I have a couple seasons of this dinosaur show that you just simply won't believe called Extreme Dinosaurs, which is probably a more intelligent and funny version of the Transformers with biology.
It is just so over the top.
that I think actually extreme dinosaurs could be a thing that we just do on Saturday with coffee.
And I just have an episode where we do that and kind of just relax and laugh.
Anyway, thanks for being here.
I hope you had a good week.
Rocktober continues.
I'll see you again soon.